Replace community doc URLs and project names (Hosts, Monitoring, Troubleshooting, Development) (#81)
rancher/harvester-product-docs: versions/v1.5/modules/en/pages/troubleshooting/monitoring.adoc

== Expand PV/Volume Size

{harvester-product-name} integrates {longhorn-product-name} as the default storage provider.

{harvester-product-name} Monitoring uses Persistent Volume (PV) to store running data. When a cluster has been running for a certain time, the Persistent Volume may need to expand its size.

For information about how to increase the volume size, see https://documentation.suse.com/cloudnative/storage/1.8.0/en/volumes/volume-expansion.html[Volume Expansion] in the {longhorn-product-name} documentation.

=== View Volume

==== From Embedded {longhorn-product-name} UI

> Access the embedded {longhorn-product-name} UI according to xref:./cluster.adoc#_access_embedded_rancher_and_longhorn_dashboards[this document].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the embedded {longhorn-product-name} UI. For more information, refer to  xref:./cluster.adoc#_access_embedded_rancher_and_longhorn_dashboards[Access Embedded Rancher and Longhorn Dashboards].
```
